Many many years ago being a woman meant
to be at home, give birth to children
and take care of the household. That
time women also had no right to speech,
had no right to elect, had no right to
decide anything by themselves. In a way,
a woman had to be passive to be in the
shadow of her man in order to survive.
And because of that, people nowadays
still do believe that femininity means
being passive. Hi guys, welcome back to
my channel. My name is Michaela and
today I want to break the illusion that
being feminine means being passive.
Let's get into this. First of all, I
want to go through what actually means
being passive. Being passive looks like
neglecting yourself, neglecting your
desire in order to meet the expectations
of others, for example. Or being passive
means also to not voice your opinions,
to not set your boundaries, and to say
yes and amen to everything that other
people are saying. Being passive also
comes in people pleasing, in not
expressing your emotions. It comes in so
many ways. But deep down when you're
being passive, you are simply like a
blank canvas and you are hoping for
someone else to give you input or you
are allowing someone else to give you
input to paint something on your blank
canvas. Now the reason why many women
become passive especially when they are
in a relationship is because of what
happened many many years ago in
relationships and what happened to us
women. Even if we don't feel it even if
it's hundreds of years ago in us is
still engraved that when we are in a
relationship we have to give our
everything our all for that
relationship. We have learned that our
life is actually dependent on a man. Our
life is dependent on how much we compose
ourselves, on how much we can shrink
ourselves and say yes to everything that
someone else wants from us. Hundreds of
years ago, for example, women were alive
burned because they were being called
witches just because they were standing
up for themselves. So, we have learned
that in order to survive, we have to say
yes. We have to suppress our emotions.
We have to be passive, especially with a
man. and that all we have to do is to
give birth to children. That's why many
women are actually afraid of being
feminine, of expressing their feminine
energy because deep down they are afraid
they cannot survive in their feminine
energy when they have to be passive
being dependent on someone else. But let
me tell you something. Being passive has
nothing to do with being feminine. And
being afraid of being feminine has also
nothing to do with truly being feminine.
And when I'm talking about being
feminine, I'm talking about divine
feminine energy. I'm not talking about
giving birth to children. I'm not
talking about being the wife of a
husband. I am not talking about being a
mom. I'm not talking about all of these
attributes of being a woman. I'm talking
about what truly is being feminine. What
truly means being a woman in her divine
feminine energy. The most important
thing is being independent in all ways
possible. Being independent does not
mean that you're being masculine. Being
independent means that you have your own
masculine container. You as a woman have
to have your own masculine container in
order to provide that feminine
foundation for you. How you can
understands that? As I told you in
another video, feminine energy is like
water. And when you think about water,
water is very powerful, right?
Especially when it's a lot of volume of
water. When you have a lot of water
flowing without any container, for
example, when a river is overflooding
and it breaks, it can destroy whole
cities because it doesn't have a
container anymore. Now when you are
imagining yourself as that feminine
woman and your feminine energy is
powerful water with a lot of volume, if
you do not have your container, it ends
up in chaos and it can not express
itself fully because it's going to
spread everywhere and gets lost in every
corner, gets lost in every single
station, in every single part of the
earth. But it has lost its power because
when water spreads over a big surface
for example, it also loses its power. It
can only be powerful with a lot of
volume directed in the same direction.
Another way you can imagine that is as
yourself being a queen. If you as a
queen do not have a castle, which is
your foundation, which is your container
where you can stay safe, people can
attack you, people can kidnap you. A
queen without her castle is not safe.
And outside of her castle, she's also
not safe to express herself. She's not
safe to be the powerful queen that she
actually is. Because when people would
know without her container, people could
do harm to her. That's why a queen
without her castle is living in fear and
cannot express herself fully. And your
feminine energy is that queen. And your
container, your masculine container is
that castle. So you always need to have
in mind that you as a woman need to have
your own masculine container. When I'm
talking about masculine container, I
mean that you are being able to take
care of yourself
emotionally, take care of yourself
financially, take care of yourself
spiritually.
You have to be able to take care of
yourself in all ways possible. Now, it's
very different if you want to be
independent at all cost and do not allow
any man to help you. If you do not allow
anyone to support you, if you are
hyperindependent, that's something
completely different. Being independent
in your feminine energy means that you
are able to do so. You have your
savings. You have your trust in
yourself. You are emotionally so
grounded that you know whatever happens
I can always leave. I can leave that
situation. I can leave that man. I can
leave that husband. I can leave
everything behind me because I know I
got myself financially, emotionally, and
spiritually. If you have no savings, if
you have no passive income or in general
income, you cannot feel safe. Of course,
when you have very rich and wealthy
parents, it maybe gives you a better
opportunity because, you know, my
parents always got my back. I can always
go back home. But believe me, that's not
always the case. And also be careful
with that because once your
parents are not here anymore, once your
parents say we don't want to support you
anymore, then you are again in a
position where you are dependent on
someone else and you need to fend for
your life literally in order to survive.
So in order to build that masculine
container that supports your feminine,
you have to learn to set boundaries and
stick to them. When something is
bothering you, when something doesn't
align with you, you have to say that you
have to say, "I do not want this
anymore." You leave the situation. You
leave the person. That's a feminine
trait. Femininity is not being passive.
Another thing is routines and having
discipline when needed. Discipline
itself is a very masculine energy. But
sometimes as a woman we need discipline.
You cannot create anything without
discipline. And you can start by
creating a healthy sleeping schedule.
For example, if you have a healthy
sleeping schedule, this is discipline
that is not taking away from your
feminine energy. It actually builds the
container for you to express your
feminine energy. Another thing as
already mentioned are your finances.
Financial freedom means absolute
freedom. I truly believe you only can be
truly feminine, truly in your feminine
energy when you are financially free
from everyone. That means that you are
not dependent on your parents, not on
your husband, not on your siblings, not
on anyone. And I do believe many men
actually take advantage of that because
they know when they support you, you can
be truly and fully in your feminine
energy. But men would only support you
that much. So that they can keep you
kind of small like they can keep you
there in this box that you cannot grow
out that you cannot decide to go away
that you have to stay and you are kind
of still dependent on him on your man in
order for him to have you under control.
That's why it's so important to have
your own container. When you have your
own container and a man comes into your
life and provides you a bigger masculine
container than you can provide to
yourself, then you can also express your
feminine energy even more because you
know that you are safe in your own
masculine container. And what a man
brings to you is additional and makes
you grow. And then also a man is
realizing, oh, the more I support my
woman, the more container I am providing
to my woman, the more she can expand in
her feminine energy and the happier she
will be, the happier he will be. That's
why I do believe also in some countries
relationships and marriages do go better
in general because men do understand hey
when I am providing for my woman when I
am giving her a bigger container then
she can expand. They do that out of love
and not out of fear. When a man is doing
that out of fear, he always knows how
much to provide for you in order to keep
you hooked. But in order for you to stay
in his bubble and not step out. If any
man is watching that here, if you do
that to any woman, you will never get to
see her fullest potential. a man that is
holding her under control and keeping
her stuck with a smaller container than
he would actually be able to give her.
You are never getting to experience the
full potential of your beautiful woman.
And at the end, that's something you
will be missing out. And once she
realizes what's going on, she will also
find someone else who can give her a
bigger container out of love instead out
of fear. Another tip for my ladies. When
you are already in a relationship, in a
marriage, and you do not have yet your
container, your masculine container, and
you feel kind of stuck in that
relationship, try to communicate what
you heard in this video. And if you
already get allowance, like many women
do in many countries, your allowance,
it's girl money. It's for you to spend
on your girl things, but also
understand this girl money. Spend it
wisely. When you invest, when you spend
it on things that hold value, you are
also creating your own container, your
own masculine container, which will
eventually allow you to be more happy,
to be more feminine, and to have more
money and abundance flowing into your
life. Unfortunately, in Europe, in the
US, in the UK, men are still so
smallminded and men still believe in
50/50. They believe that everything
should be equal and they do not
understand what they actually are
missing out by not providing that
masculine container. Of course, it has
more to do than only with financial
resources, but we cannot deny that money
nowadays is important. I'm not saying
you need to be rich as a man in order to
be able to create a masculine container,
but you as a man need to be able to take
care of your wife and eventually your
children by yourself. Your task is to
create that masculine container for your
family. That's why you were put on this
earth. And once you understand that as a
man and once you truly do that out of
love, you understand what this is truly
about, your life will also grow. Your
finances will automatically grow. Your
life will start to bloom once you start
to bless a woman. Once you start to
truly out of love give a container to a
woman. I can guarantee you every man out
there that is stuck, every man that is
not successful, every man that is living
in survival mode, it's because he is in
a luck mindset and he doesn't understand
the impact of taking care of a woman.
Only a man that is denying to take care
of a woman. Only a man that is denying
to be the container for a woman. Only
those type of men are stuck. I have
never seen a man that is truly
appreciating his wife, his love, his
woman is truly providing that masculine
container for her that is broke. Men are
only broke when they are not providing a
container for a woman. And I am not
saying that a masculine container has
only to do with finances. A masculine
container is so much more and goes
beyond finances. Now being passive means
not having boundaries. Being feminine
means having firm boundaries. but
knowing how to express them in a soft
way, but also not letting anyone cross
those boundaries. Being passive means
not expressing who you are as a woman.
Denying parts of yourself, making
yourself smaller because you feel like
you have to in order to survive, in
order to impress people. While being
feminine is free to express the full
version of herself. Being feminine means
that you can be whoever you are with
your flaws, with your awkwardness, with
everything that you are and you own it.
The whole thing about femininity is that
you are light and you love how you are
and that's why you're expressing how and
who you are. Being passive means
depending on someone else emotionally,
financially, spiritually, whatever it
is. And being feminine means to be
independent but still allowing yourself
to receive. You still allow people to
help you, to support you, to pay your
bills, to whatever it is, you still
allow to receive. Again, being
independent as a feminine woman doesn't
mean that you're hyper independent and
you don't allow anyone to help you.
Being dependent and being independent
both doesn't make you feminine. You have
to master independence in a feminine
way, which still allows you, as I said,
to receive without feeling guilt. Being
passive means that you are putting your
dreams on a shelf in order to help other
people to achieve their dreams. That has
nothing to do with femininity. True
feminine energy knows that they are
deserving to follow their dreams. They
are deserving to achieve their dreams
and they are putting themselves and
their dreams first. But while doing that
they are not neglecting others around
them. They are not pushing others away.
They are still allowing others to help
them to exchange help. They are still
allowing the flow of life in order to
achieve their own dreams but also in
order to allow for example your husband
to achieve his dreams while you are
achieving your dreams. It's not an
either or. If it's you and your husband
or you and your bestie, you and someone
else, you can both help each other to
achieve your dreams
simultaneously. It's not an either or.
Being passive also means that you are
not expressing your opinions. Not
expressing any of your thoughts in order
to not make others upset, in order to
not make others think about you in a way
that would not help you, that you would
not like them to think about you. And
being feminine means that you know how
to express your thoughts. You know how
to make your voice heard without
screaming, without being harsh, without
being overpowering, without arguing
while you are expressing your opinions.
As a feminine woman, you are also
letting other people expressing their
opinions and allowing their opinions to
be. You do not feel the need to change
other people's opinion which would be in
her masculine. When a woman again is in
her masculine energy, she would express
her opinions and would try to convince
other people of her opinion because she
cannot allow other people to have their
opinions. Now, in every circumstance in
your life, you have always three
options. Either you're being passive or
you're being masculine or you're truly
being feminine. All of these free
options are three completely different
options. Being feminine doesn't mean
being passive. And being masculine
doesn't mean being passive. Being
masculine is also not the same as being
feminine. There are three different ways
to approach any circumstance in life. So
in any circumstance in your life, ask
yourself how would you like to react?
And from all these three options, being
feminine is always the option that is
giving room for others while protecting
her own room. Being feminine is always
respecting and prioritizing her own
boundaries while also respecting the
boundaries of other people. Anyways
guys, I hope this could help. I hope you
understand now that being feminine
doesn't mean you have to be passive. I
hope you understand why people do think
that in the first place. And I hope you
know now what to do the next time in any
situation in your life and how to
approach it with your divine feminine
energy. Thank you so much for watching.
I love you so so much and I see you in
my next video. Bye-bye.